get ready for big fun prepare yourself
rabbit I'm coming over the wall big
blacks as Bugs Bunny hits the big time
in Academy award-winner Friz Freleng x'
Looney Looney Looney Bugs Bunny movie
Lyons Bugsy's back in Hollywood and this
time he's up to his ears in funny
business in the looniest movie of them
all watch for free screenings Looney
Looney Looney Bugs Bunny movie starring
bugs and all his friends in some of
Warner Brothers greatest comedy classics
combined with all-new action-packed
edits on the big screen they're coming
to your neighborhood soon Prince
feelings loony loony loony Bugs Bunny
movie